Hello everyone today I want to tell
you about my purchase recently traveled to china
bought a headphone of course it
chinese copy of monster beats monster
beats tour
and the mixer two pairs I bought just for
a thousand rubles
turn made as original copy
more advanced to the original rocker
volume for iphone
all here present in sound quality
here of course you have clear
I am glad this purchase I hope not quickly
the window and the mixer will break
Of course in size, they are of course
the Chinese and we almost take the sound too
fine
we already hear from that distance
playback but of course you too
good now listen
I hope you heard this bass although I
I doubt that through this camera
that you can hear so now UGTU
comes across as they do to him
encoded
like on her original gray they can
spin
shorter price-quality